Theory -
● What is Emmet?
    Emmet is a plugin for many popular editors where you can write abbreviations and then this plugin will write the code based on it.

● Difference between a Library and Framework?
    The framework provides the flow of a software application and tells the developer what it needs and calls the code provided by the developer as required. 
    If a library is used, the application calls the code from the library.

● What is CDN? Why do we use it?
    A content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content. A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.
    
● Why is React known as React?
    React was developed for applications (Facebook) that have constantly changing data. Since React is a front-end framework or the “View” in MVC, this means that as the user clicks around and changes the app's data, the view should “react” or change with those user events.

● What is crossorigin in script tag?
    The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in. A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

● What is diference between React and ReactDOM
    React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.

● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
    The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those builds. The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine.

● What is async and defer? 
    In practice, defer is used for scripts that need the whole DOM and/or their relative execution order is important. And async is used for independent scripts, like counters or ads. And their relative execution order does not matter. Page without scripts should be usable.